What are you screaming about?
I don't know if the big shot is coming soon?
Husband, you came just in time.
It's these two trash who want to break into the Emgrand Hotel
This fool must have gotten the news
I want to send this woman to seduce big shots
Even a fool knows
The big shot is coming today, the news of Emgrand
Also carefully handled
Not bad, let me inspect the goods first.
It seems that we are the same people
husband
It was agreed that this opportunity was for us sisters
Why am I on the same side as you?
They all want to give their women to big people?
Hey, don't say it yet
This sister Gaifa big shot might really like it
Hahahaha
Who said I like it?
Did I hear it right?
He means he's a big shot
Sister, I really envy you.
Married to such a great man
Oh yeah, last time
I stole you from Young Master Qin's wedding
It's him too, right?
That's disgusting!
You know we haven't seen the big shot
Did you pay any price?
The thought of you calling yourself an adult makes me sick
Manager Chen, get this disgusting person out of here
The money from my family is coming soon.
I'm afraid this fool will grab it when the time comes.
Pay the price to see me
I don't know.